[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome back everyone.
Ty Bollinger, here.
Last night, we had some
amazing information
that we learned about
the immune system.
We heard from
doctors that talked
about how if you have a
fully intact immune system,
that cancer is
almost impossible.
We learned about what
the immune system is.
We learned about natural killer
cells, and B lymphocytes,
and T lymphocytes,
and macrophages.
And maybe a whole
bunch of other terms
that you may have
never heard before.
We learned about
sugar and the effect
that that has on the
immune system, not only
the fact that it
compromises immunity,
but it also feeds cancer cells.
And we also learned about
the fact that the big three
treatments, specifically
chemo and radiation--
they devastate
the immune system.
How can that be a
treatment for cancer?
How can that be an
effective treatment
for cancer in light of
the fact that it actually
compromises the only system that
your body has to protect you?
Doesn't make sense to me.
Tonight, we're going to learn
about specifics that can cause
compromised immune systems.
We're going to learn
about vaccines,
genetically modified
foods, aspartame, fluoride,
pesticides.
All these things that can
devastate the immune system.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I was recently at a
conference in Washington DC,
and I was privileged to be
able to sit down and talk
to Dr. Sherri Tenpenny.
Dr. Tenpenny, has been
researching vaccines
for over two decades,
and I was really
thrilled to be able to sit down
and get her opinion on vaccines
and the toxicity
that they can cause.
And the way that they can
compromise the immune system,
making you potentially
more vulnerable to cancer.
Let's have a listen.
>> I'm really hoping that
perhaps there are starting
to be some cracks in the dam to
where we will get to the bottom
of how vaccines are not safe.
They are not effective.
They do not protect you,
and they definitely do harm.
>> Now you mentioned that one
of your goals is to educate,
and that's our goal as well.
So educate the viewers here,
how are vaccines dangerous?
How are they doing harm?
How are they not effective?
Because if you listen to most
conventional medical doctors,
they'll say, oh, of course.
You need to get vaccinated.
You're going to do your
child harm if you don't.
So how is that?
>> Well, it's just amazing to
me how we think we can inject
something that's never been
tested for carcinogenicity.
Never been tested to
see if it's mutagenic,
which changes your DNA.
Never know whether or not it can
cause any autoimmune diseases,
but we can perfectly say
that it's safe and effective
and causes no harm.
If somebody died and made me
health czar tomorrow, what
I would do is I would round
up all the medical doctors,
all of them.
And I would put them in
a big football stadium,
and have them read all
of the package inserts.
Particularly the pediatricians.
Read the VAERS report from the
Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting
System.
And then take an entire
test, a written test,
on immunology to
prove that they know
something about the human body.
And then have them,
with good conscience,
say that what we are injecting
into human beings is harmless.
>> They probably couldn't do it.
>> It would be impossible.
But that would change everything
overnight, wouldn't it?
If suddenly we forced
physicians to look
at the truth about
these injectables.
Because all they're
really dealing
with these things
is trying to prevent
diseases that are a
fever, a cough, a rash,
and some diarrhea.
Really?
For what kind of harm
that we're causing?
>> Well, you know, look
at the HPV vaccine.
On the package
insert, it says it may
cause other kinds of cancers.
>> Yes.
And we already know that it
has, through the VAERS report,
that there have been
many girls who've
been fully vaccinated
with the HPV vaccine
that within three months
to about two years
that are diagnosed with
cervical cancer, massive cases
of venereal warts.
We know that less than 4% of
the women in the United States
have actually ever been
exposed to the two viruses that
are in the vaccine.
So if the vaccine did anything--
which it doesn't, and it can
cause a lot of harm--
there are at least
eight strains of HPV--
Human Papillomavirus-- that are
supposed to be associated with,
or are known to be
associated, with cancer.
But the vaccine only
covers two of them.
So it gives this false
sense of security
to moms who think they're
protecting their girls to think
they won't get cancer.
And that will say to
the girls, well, I
don't need to get a pap test
because I've been protect it.
But there are other strains
that can cause the cancer.
>> One of the things you
said earlier about that most
vaccines, or all vaccines,
have not been tested
for carcinogenicity--
>> Very good.
>> I only got it right once.
That's all I can say it today.
That's shocking, in light of
the fact that you're saying
that they've not been tested.
The ingredients in
the vaccine have not
been tested to see if they
could cause cancer, especially
in light of the fact of
you look at the ingredients
in some of these vaccines today,
and it's a virtual who's who
of poisons.
>> It is.
And there's several things
that really continue-- well,
all of it concerns me,
but to your point--
formaldehyde is used
in the DPT vaccines
and in the polio vaccines.
And we've said known for years
that formaldehyde can cause
all sorts of health problems.
And that the amount of
formaldehyde exposure, even
through ambient air that
you come in contact with
or that you breathe in, very,
very small particulate amounts
have known to cause lots
of different problems,
including cancer.
And it was only about
two, three years ago
now that they
formally said, yes,
formaldehyde will be added to
the list of known carcinogens.
But yet we continue to
have known carcinogens
in the vaccines, and
have them not be removed.
And they've been injected
for 50 years or more.
>> Wow.
So it's worse than
they've not been
tested for carcinogenicity--
I got it right.
They have been
tested, and they--
>> At least some of the
ingredients are shown to be
known carcinogens.
>> Wow.
>> There are also stray viruses
that end up in these vaccines.
And they end up in the
vaccines, because a virus,
in order to replicate, needs to
be embedded into a living cell.
And so they use these cells
to grow these large quantities
of viruses, for which
then they harvest
and run them through a
long line of chemicals
to weaken them to put
them into the vaccines.
Well, the polio vaccine has
been known for many, many years
to have a virus in it called
SV40, which stands for Simian
Virus 40, because those
polio vaccines are
made from monkey kidneys cells.
And so simian virus
is a monkey virus.
And in 2002, The Lancet
published a paper that said it
was suspected that more than
half of the 55,000 cases
of Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
that were out there,
with a very high probability,
could be associated with
the SV40 vaccine
from the polio--
the SV40 virus from
the polio vaccine.
So that's something in
the published literature--
that was in The Lancet.
That came out in 2002.
There's two other
stray viruses that
end up in there from
avian cells, which
are all the vaccines
that are made from eggs.
Because they're passed
down through the chickens,
and they get into their eggs.
And there are two
different viruses
that are known to be
associated with breast cancer.
I've written a couple
of articles about that.
>> Wow.
Formaldehyde is a
known carcinogen,
yet it's still in vaccines.
Simian Virus 40, SV40, which
tainted the polio vaccine,
according to The
Lancet, has caused
over half of the 55,000 cases
of Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
There's so many different toxic
heavy metals and carcinogens
that are still in vaccines.
Let's talk to Robert Scott
Bell about that topic.
>> The other aspect of this,
which is very controversial,
although we do cover
it, is vaccination.
They sacrifice
children on the altar
of this church of
pharmaceutical mysticism,
with the needles of big
pharma, as I call it.
They argue that the only
way we can survive childhood
is to somehow elicit
an artificial antibody
response by injecting
toxic poisons that you
wouldn't put in the
bottle of that same baby
to make them drink.
In fact, if you did, you might
be charged with a crime--
attempted murder.
But yet they
institutionalize this concept
of injecting little
babies with this.
And so this is
really it's a cult.
It's a dangerous death
cult, allopathic medicine.
Now, that's not
to say they're not
good at putting Humpty
Dumpty back together again.
That is where they excel--
emergency trauma medicine.
I don't take anything
away from them
in that regard and their skill.
But when it comes to
managing chronic diseases
that they create, it is
an absolute disaster.
And you want to
get out of it-- we
need to get out of it-- if we're
going to not only heal cancer
really, but prevent it
from ever having to happen.
And it doesn't have to happen.
>> Talk about some of the
chemicals in the vaccines.
Some of the additives,
the adjuments,
and other ingredients that
might be carcinogenic.
>> Sure.
I think the biggest one--
well, the class of
them are heavy metals.
Mercury, a number one.
And if you look in a
Homeopathic Materia Medica,
there are pages and
pages and pages,
almost more than any
other, let's say,
substance listed in
that Materia Medica
of potential effects and actual
effects at even minute doses.
Minute exposure to mercury.
And this affects every system
of the body-- the endocrine,
the neurological
system, you name it.
The digestive system,
the epithelial tissue.
Mercury is the
biggest baddie of them
all, and ultimately I
believe facilitates cancer.
>> And the interesting
thing about these vaccines,
these drugs, is that most of
the time they're FDA approved,
right?
>> Yeah.
The FDA says they're perfectly
fine to take and give.
And there have never
been any double blind,
placebo controlled
crossover center studies
to determine safety or efficacy
of any of these vaccines.
So for them to claim that they
actually work, based on what?
Anecdote.
They claim it, and they say,
well, it's good enough for us.
And you point out that
the double blind, placebo
controlled studies have not
been done, they yell at you
and scream at you
and call you names.
And say, that would
be unscientific--
or no, that would be
unethical to do that.
In the meantime,
there are thousands
of families around
the country that
would be happy to
volunteer information
about the health
of their children
who have not been
vaccinated, so they
can do cross comparative
studies looking back.
That's how they
do these studies.
Yet they claim they can't do it.
They don't want to
do it, because they'd
the children who have not
been assaulted in this way
by a syringe are much healthier,
and they have fewer and fewer
chronic disease.
>> Wow.
So mercury is in vaccines, but
we know that it causes cancer.
Dr. Tenpenny talked
about at least a couple
of ingredients that are in
other vaccines that we know
have been linked
to breast cancer.
So let's talk to Dr.
Veronique Desaulniers, who
cured her own breast cancer,
about the environmental toxins
that can cause DNA damage and
compromise our immune system
and potentially lead to cancer.
>> Environmental toxicity
plays a huge role.
As a matter of fact--
and I was shocked when
I heard these numbers--
that the EPA
estimates that there
are 74 billion
pounds of chemicals
being produced every day.
Every day, in the
United States alone.
>> 74 billion pounds?
>> Per day, in the
United States alone.
How do we wrap our
brain around that?
>> Wow.
>> So when you look at
environmental toxicity,
it's a huge issue.
Because many of those
chemicals have infiltrated,
as you mentioned, our water
supply, our food supply,
the air we breathe.
And many of them cause
cancer, and many of them
mimic estrogen,
which drives cancer.
And many of them mimic hormone
disruptors in the body,
so they cause a lot of problems.
The CDC did a study
about 10 years ago
where they took samples
of blood, urine,
and saliva of over 2,000
people in the United States.
And they found, on average, 212
chemicals in people's bodies.
So what does the
body do with that?
Over 212 chemicals
that the body has
to process and figure out what
to do with and try to expel.
So that chemical
stress is really
compromising the immune system,
and putting a lot of stress
on the excretory
organs of the body.
Which leads to DNA
damage and more cancers.
>> That's amazing.
On average 212 chemicals
in people's bodies?
That's really mind blowing.
I can't believe
that we're actually
as healthy as we
are, being overloaded
with all these chemicals.
And while I was in
Atlanta talking to Dr. V,
I was also able to
interview Dr. David Jockers.
So let's listen in
to that conversation.
What effect do these
toxicities, do you believe,
play in the cancer equation?
Because if you look
at 100 years ago,
we didn't have the
same massive amounts
of environmental toxins.
What do you believe
on that topic?
>> I believe they play
a huge role with this.
We have over 80,000
chemicals in our society.
The average individual
in our society
urinates out seven pesticides
every time they urinate.
And then they did a
study several years ago
where they took 10
newborn infants,
and they measured their
umbilical cord blood
for toxins.
And they found 280--
the mean, the average--
was 287 toxic chemicals.
208 of those were
carcinogenic for the body.
And this is a newborn infant.
>> So this is not something
that you believe--
research has shown
that these toxins
are getting into the
systems and causing damage.
>> Oh, yeah.
You know, it's
empirical evidence
that's showing that these
toxins are wreaking havoc
on our physiology.
>> What we do know, from all the
science that's been published
from the cancer industry, we
know that we live in a world
that's full of cancer
causing toxins.
They're in the environment.
They're in the air we breathe.
they're in the water we drink.
They're sprayed on
the food we eat.
We're eating a
nutrient deficient
food that's mostly man-made,
processed junk food, right?
So all of these factors
are all physical factors
that affect the
health of your body,
and ultimately suppress
your immune system
and create an environment
where cancer cells can thrive.
>> They're adding more of the
toxic pollutants that your body
is then having to give up the
minerals to neutralize, bind,
and excrete, and get
it out of the body.
So as you deplete
those minerals,
you have less of the defense.
Your immune system
becomes more deregulated.
And now the toxins can
proliferate unabated.
And at that point, they impact
the metabolic functioning
of every cell in the
body, or specific areas.
If you have enough
strength to mobilize
those toxic poisons
in those cells,
you might wall it
off in a tumor.
But a lot of times now we see
a systemic growth of cancer,
because we no longer have
certain minerals like silica,
which are critical for
connective tissue integrity.
And that is what keeps
a tumor, let's say,
or a cancerous growth
from metastasizing.
Because it chews through
connective tissue in this way.
So there are a lot of
aspects to that toxin factor,
but you can't disconnect it
from the nutrient factor,
the mineral factor.
So they go hand in hand.
>> Dr. Robert Scott
Bell mentioned nutrients
and minerals.
Let me ask you a question--
what if your food
wasn't really food,
and it didn't contain the
nutrients and minerals
that you thought it contained?
Let's listen to some
jaw dropping information
from Jeffrey Smith, the
world's most renowned expert
on genetically modified
foods, also known as GMO.
What are GMOs?
>> Genetically
Modified Organisms.
You take genes from one
species, and force it
into the DNA of other species.
Now, the GM crops
on the market--
there's nine of them--
and the primary traits are
either herbicide tolerance
or pesticide production.
So herbicide tolerance--
Roundup Ready is
the most popular.
Roundup Ready soy, corn,
cotton, canola, sugar beets,
and alfalfa.
They're engineered with genes
from bacteria and pieces
of virus, et cetera, not to die.
The plant doesn't die when it's
sprayed with Roundup herbicide,
which normally kills plants.
So it makes weeding
easier for farmers.
They can simply spray over the
crops, and kill all the weeds.
But not the Roundup Ready crops.
And the other genetically
modified trait that's popular
is pesticide production.
They take a gene from bacteria
in the soil called Bacillus
thuringiensis, or BT for short.
And take that gene, which
produces a known insecticide,
and put it into corn and cotton.
So when a bug,
certain types of bugs,
eat or try to bite the plant,
the toxin gets released
and then it breaks open little
holes in their stomach walls
and they die.
So now we eat that
insecticide, and we also
eat the Roundup laden crops.
So we're eating two types of
poisons in these GM crops.
The FDA does not require a
single safety study on GMOs.
Now, this was determined
in a policy in 1992 that
was overseen by Michael Taylor.
Michael Taylor is the
former attorney to Monsanto.
And he was given a position that
was designed for him by the FDA
when the agency was told by the
White House to promote GMOs.
And Taylor's policy
falsely claimed
that the agency wasn't aware of
information showing that GMOs
were significantly
different, therefore
no testing or labeling
was necessary.
Companies like Monsanto
could determine on their own
if their GMO is safe.
And Monsanto told us that
Agent Orange and PCBs and DDT
were safe, and got that wrong.
Maybe they'll get
it right with GMOs
is the thinking by the FDA.
Taylor then became
Monsanto's vice president
and chief lobbyist.
Now he's back at the FDA
as the US food safety czar.
>> It's almost like you have
the fox guarding the hen house.
>> It's more than almost.
We have a situation where the
claims in the policy that they
weren't aware of information
showing that GMOs were
different was a complete lie.
It was a total fabrication.
The lawsuit forced
44,000 secret FDA memos
into the public
domain, and it showed
that the overwhelming consensus
among the scientists working
at the FDA was
exactly the opposite.
They said GMOs might
create allergens, toxins,
new diseases, and
nutritional problems.
Urged their superiors
to require testing.
Complained about the
draft of the policy.
And their concerns were
ignored, and even denied.
>> Now, when you say that
they are not significantly--
at least Monsanto said they
are not significantly different
than what?
>> Than normal foods.
>> Than normal food.
>> Right.
>> So since they're not
significantly different than
normal food, they don't need to
tell us that they're doing this
to foods?
>> They don't need to tell us.
They don't need to test it.
They can just put
it on the market
and assume that it's safe.
And if they want to do
tests, they can do tests.
And if they don't-- and
the tests that they do?
Tobacco science.
Completely rigged to
avoid finding problems.
We catch them red handed.
>> So the only testing that is
required are self tests that
they submit.
And then of course--
>> They can submit
them if they want,
and they usually if they
do, submit just summaries.
They will never give a
reviewer enough information
to determine safety.
And so the tests--
the tests typically on
animals end in 90 days.
So you feed an animal,
a rat for example,
let's say 33% of its
diet is a genetically
modified corn for 90 days.
And if it looks
good after 90 days,
you feed it to humans
for their entire lives.
Now, a research team
headed by Dr. Seralini,
decided to extend the study
of 90 days to two years--
the approximate
lifespan of a rat.
Now, Seralini had been
reviewing the submissions
to France and to the
European Union by Monsanto,
and saw that Roundup
Ready corn fed to rats
showed more than 50 different
statistically significant
changes in the animals
compared to the control.
And Monsanto said,
there's no problem.
And Seralini says, what do
you mean there's no problem?
This is very serious.
And published it
showing that there
was a very significant
signs of toxicity.
So he secretly
extended the study
using the same type of rats,
the same control group size,
but many, many more parameters
that they tested for.
And starting after the 90
days, in the next month,
the first rat started
to get tumors.
And by the end, up to
80% of the female rats
had tumors, almost all of
them mammary glands tumors.
Up to 50% of the
male rats had tumors.
Compared to far less
in the controls.
>> Wow.
That's truly staggering
information from Mr. Smith.
The Seralini study did show
that the GMO corn was causing
premature death and cancer.
Now that's important to me,
because I've got four kids
and I want them to be
healthy and to live
a long, healthy life.
Even more alarming is
the fact that there
is no testing that is required
for genetically modified foods.
Because they've been
deemed to be substantially
equivalent to regular food, and
so we don't need to test them.
Now, who was in charge of this
substantial equivalent policy?
Michael Taylor, at
Monsanto, was the man
responsible for this
substantial equivalent policy.
Michael Taylor is now the Deputy
Commissioner for Food Safety.
He's our food safety czar
for the United States.
It almost seems like the fox
is guarding the hen house.
Despite the fact that there
are over 44,000 documents,
even corroborated by the
FDA's own scientists,
which said exactly
the opposite--
that genetically
modified foods are not
substantially equivalent.
So while I was in
Las Vegas, I met up
with Dr. Keith Scott-Mumby
to get his input on some
of the causes of cancer.
>> We need to fix causes, and
of course cancer has causes.
And here's another problem--
it's a multi-factorial disease.
It's not like, you know, malaria
where the cause is a mosquito
bite and this Plasmodium.
It's not that simple.
There are many, many causes.
My three pillars--
I call it the Three Pillars
of Healing in cancer.
Emotions, which
I've talked about.
We barely mentioned
chemical overload,
but our environment now is full
of carcinogenic substances.
We're awash, literally,
with carcinogens.
Some of them are choices, and
best not used, like cosmetics.
I love to see the
gals looking pretty.
You've seen my wife--
she's beautiful.
So you like them to
look good, but you
know most of what women put
on their skin, it's dangerous.
I think the average
woman would probably
do less if they realized that
they absorb about two pounds--
that's around a
kilogram-- of cosmetics
through their skin every year.
That's two pounds of sludge and
slime, toxic sludge and slime,
that you're body has
got to deal with.
You know, you weren't given a
liver to deal with cosmetics.
You're supposed
to deal with foods
and environmental factors,
not man-made synthetics,
such as now.
>> So our skin absorbs the
toxins from the makeups
and the cosmetic
products that we wear.
What about the
foods that we eat?
The vegetables, the
fruits that have
been sprayed with
pesticides and insecticides?
They absorb those toxins,
and then we eat them.
What kind of an effect
does that have on us?
Let's listen to a
couple of experts chime
in on this subject.
>> Talk about
pesticides and cancer.
One of the things
that I have heard
thus far from other
doctors is that pesticides
have an estrogenic
effect on the body.
So can you talk about that?
>> Yeah.
We talk about disrupting
endocrine integrity,
endocrine disruptors.
Now, the hormonal system
is a brilliant system.
I mean, you're talking
about substances
that can be found in your
body at parts per million,
parts per billion,
parts per 150 billion.
I mean, there's not a lot
compared to everything else
in your body.
Yet you put these pesticides
in there, some of them
will outright destroy a hormone,
for instance, on contact.
But in many ways,
some of them are
mimicking, because
that's the way they
work in the natural
world to disrupt
the insect reproductive
system and such.
So we have that larger effect
in the macro environment,
or in our environment.
And when we alter the
endocrine function,
we disrupt normal
matter metabolic
processes that keep us up
and functioning and vital.
And so this also
relates to enzymes,
because these pesticides,
as well as being endocrine
disruptors, they
destroy the enzymes
that are the essential
tools of life.
That also are found in the
body at very minute levels,
relative to the entire content
of the body's liquid mineral,
et cetera, content.
And so at parts
per million, these
pesticides not only disrupt
the endocrine integrity,
but destroy enzymes
and our ability
to break things down
and bind things out.
So it's a corruption,
a vicious corruption,
not only of the food supply,
but our own functional integrity
that gives rise to
the very cancers
that we're trying to prevent.
Which is again, why I say
you've got to clean up
what goes into your body.
You cannot subsist on pesticide
laden foods and overcome
cancer, ultimately.
>> We dump two billion pounds
of pesticides, herbicides,
and fungicides on our
fresh produce every year.
And none of that's good for us.
And one might argue
that it's bad for us.
Some of those are neurotoxins.
Fungicides are
poisons in general.
>> Let me ask you a question.
What if the foods
that you're eating
were actually creating a virtual
pesticide factory in your gut?
Let's go back to the
interview with Jeffrey Smith,
and find out what he has
to say about Roundup,
which is a pesticide,
and the effects
that it has on your body.
>> Roundup can promote
cancer in many, many ways.
First of all, it's
an antibiotic.
And it kills off
beneficial gut bacteria,
causing an overgrowth
of the bad gut bacteria.
Now, this overgrowth of
negative gut bacteria
is linked to certain cancers--
colorectal cancer, for example.
The overgrowth of
negative gut bacteria
can produce zonulin, which
can create leaky gut.
It opens the gaps in the
cell walls on the intestines.
And leaky gut is
linked to cancer.
Roundup also damages
a set of enzymes
called the CYP enzymes, which
are part of the detoxification
process.
And CYP enzymes are
linked to cancer.
One of the problems
with Roundup is
it can disable some of
those enzymes that are
involved with detoxification.
So any toxic influence
from the environment
can be much more
toxic when you're also
exposed to Roundup, or its
active ingredient-- glyphosate.
Through the gut
bacteria overgrowth,
that can promote
inflammation in the gut.
And inflammation is
also linked to cancer.
So Roundup has all
these different ways,
like a perfect storm.
Now, there are
certain tissues that
are the target
tissues for Roundup,
and it accumulates
in those tissues.
And those are the cancers
that are on the rise in the US
population.
For example, thyroid
cancer, liver cancer,
and kidney cancer.
Now, the BT toxin
produced by the corn,
because it promotes allergic
reactions or immune system
reactions in humans and animals,
can create inflammation.
And again inflammation,
is linked to cancer.
Now, the BT toxin,
it's interesting.
They found the BT
toxin and Roundup
in the blood of pregnant
women tested in Canada.
In fact, 93% of
the pregnant women
had BT toxin in their
blood, and so too did
80% of their unborn fetuses.
Now, the BT toxin may
have gotten into the blood
through the leaky gut that it
itself created by poking holes
in the cell walls.
If it gets in the blood,
it can be cytotoxic,
damaging the red blood cells.
And this was found in
the case of a mouse
study, where BT toxin
damaged the red blood cells.
If it gets into the
fetus, the fetus
don't have blood brain
barriers well developed.
So it might end up in the
brains of the fetuses.
So you have a whole
poking toxin in the brains
of the next generation
in North America.
If the BT gene transfers
to gut bacteria
and continues to
function, it can
convert our intestinal
flora into living pesticide
factories, producing
BT toxin 24/7.
Which might poke holes along
the cell walls, causing
inflammation and all sorts of
gastrointestinal disorders.
Possibly creating leaky gut,
which is also linked to cancer.
And that might explain, this
production of the BT toxin,
why 93% of the pregnant
women tested in Canada
had it in their blood.
Because they were
producing it in their gut.
As far as the gut bacteria, it
is now a huge topic of study.
Everyone's into
the microbiome now.
It's like it's the new tofu.
Everyone's into the microbiome.
And so we have a situation
where the devastation of Roundup
becomes bigger and bigger
the more they realize this.
Because it is a
potent antibiotic,
but it is selective.
It kills the lactobacillus
and the bifidobacteria--
the stuff that's good for us.
>> The ones that
you want in yogurt.
>> The stuff that you're
buying and paying for.
And then you wash it down with
something with Roundup in it,
and you just kill
everything you've just
put in there plus more.
And it allows the
overgrowth of salmonella,
or botulism, or E. coli--
the negative stuff.
>> Let me ask you this.
So you talked about
the Roundup Ready
corn and the soy potentially
sprayed with Roundup.
Do they use Roundup
or glyphosate
on other non-organic
vegetables as well?
Or is it just the corn and soy?
>> No, no.
It's used as a ripening agent.
They spray it on wheat, on
barley, on rye, on lentils,
on sweet potatoes,
on sugar cane.
There's 160 or so different
fruits, vegetables, grains,
beans, et cetera that are
allowed high residues, because
of this now practice of using
it as what's called a desiccant,
or a ripening agent.
Not every farmer uses it, but
it's hard to tell where it is
and where it isn't
because it's not labeled.
So that's why buying
organic is much safer.
>> Let me ask you this.
One of the common
arguments that you
get from those that are
producing the GMO crops
is that we need this
to feed the world.
>> No, no.
They need it to
pay their salaries.
GMOs are so inept at feeding
the world that the biggest paper
in the world, the
biggest study--
more than 400 scientists,
sponsored by the UN and signed
on by more than 58 countries--
concluded that the
current generation of GMOs
has nothing to offer
feeding the hungry world,
eradicating poverty, or creating
sustainable agriculture.
That's the ISTAD report.
In fact, the Union of
Concerned Scientists study
showed that it actually
doesn't increase yields.
And the USDA recent
study verified
that GMOs do not increase
yields, and in many cases
reduce yields.
>> Interesting.
So we actually don't need
GMOs to feed the world.
They produce less yields
than normal crops.
Not something you're going
to hear from the mainstream.
Back in the spring
on a Doctor Oz show
I saw the Health
Ranger, Mike Adams,
being interviewed about
the poisons and the toxins
and the heavy metals
in our food supply.
So I wanted to get his take on
this vitally important issue,
and also about genetically
modified foods.
>> The legitimate
scientific question is,
what is the long term
implication on humans when they
eat this chemical that
is a deadly chemical?
The GMO biotech industry
absolutely does not
want you to ask the question.
They routinely intimidate
and threaten scientists
that explore this question.
They intimidate and
threaten activists.
They engage in
character assassination,
all kinds of things that
most of your viewers
wouldn't even believe if I
told you the truth about what
they do behind the scenes.
They operate like a mafia.
But it's a mafia to
protect the mythology
that GMOs are not dangerous.
>> Right.
>> But clearly,
if you eat poison,
you might want to be concerned
about what the effects would
be.
But in my view, that's not
even the biggest risk of GMOs.
The biggest risk comes from
the transgenic effects.
There is interesting new
research-- more needs
to be done still, but there's
early research now coming out
that indicates that the
genetic fragments of GMO corn
can change the expression
of your own physiology.
So that that
genetic code somehow
combines with your
own genetic code,
perhaps with the microbiology
of your intestinal flora.
Which then alters your
entire physiology.
It can change your
blood pressure.
risk of heart disease.
It can alter your
gene expression.
Some of this may also
get into epigenetics,
the non-physical, non-DNA
factors of gene expression
that are now increasingly
being recognized
by modern scientists.
So one thing-- look, we don't
have all the answers yet,
but that's exactly why
we should halt GMOs.
>> Right.
Right.
>> We don't know how
they might harm us.
The research hasn't been done.
The real story in this is
that we are the lab rats.
We the people.
So there is a long term
experiment being conducted now
on the entire population.
>> Yeah.
>> Do people have more tumors
now than they used to 20 years
ago?
Absolutely.
Are they getting tumors at
younger and younger ages?
Absolutely.
Is there more infertility
now than ever before
in human history?
Absolutely.
More organ damage, more
people on dialysis,
more people suffering from
early unexplained deaths.
>> Yeah.
Everyone seems to be sick.
The cancer industry
is exploding.
And the GMO industry
may in fact turn out
to be the single best recruiting
tool for the cancer industry.
So it's no wonder that
they tend to operate
in some of the same ways.
Oppression of--
scientist intimidation.
Oppression, censorship of
scientific information.
Shutting down anyone
who asks questions.
Many of the foods
that people eat today
are contaminated
with heavy metals.
>> Give me an example of a
few heavy metals that you--
>> OK.
So lead, arsenic,
cadmium, mercury.
Tungsten is one that
we've started to look at.
And then there are the lighter
metals, such as aluminum.
And lead is so common
in the food supply
today, because
for over a century
lead arsenic was
used as a pesticide.
So you combine lead and
arsenic, you make lead arsenate.
You spray it on all the
crops, it kills the bugs.
Imagine that.
>> But what does it do to you?
>> Yeah, exactly.
So in agricultural lands across
the world, for over 100 years
lead arsenate was sprayed
on almost everything.
It was the miracle.
It was, you know, the new
science of food production.
For a few years, food
production goes up.
And then your soils
are contaminated.
And guess how long
they're contaminated for?
1,000 years.
>> They grow on forever.
>> Right.
So today the food
that's being grown,
that's feeding much
of our population,
has been grown in soils
that were heavily,
heavily contaminated with
lead and arsenic as spraying.
But then we've got the
coal fired power plants
in China and in the US.
The US plants are much cleaner.
The plants in China are
spewing out tens of thousands
of tons of heavy metals
into the air every year.
>> Yeah.
>> Mercury being
one of the big ones.
The jet stream
carries these metals
across the Pacific
Ocean, deposits them
over North America.
They fall onto forests of the
Pacific Northwest and northern
California.
They get into the soil.
The tree roots take up the
heavy metals into the leaves.
The trees growing
there now are heavily
contaminated with mercury
and other heavy metals.
When those forests burn--
because they do catch
fire from time to time--
they release mercury
back into the air.
Goes across North America.
Falls onto the
breadbasket of America,
the croplands, where
our food is grown.
>> Is there a relationship
between mercury and cancer?
>> Oh, absolutely.
To understand that, you have
to understand how heavy metals
really operate in the body.
Heavy metals replace, they knock
out, other healthy minerals,
and thereby replace
them on cell membranes.
So mercury, for example,
knocks out zinc.
Zinc is crucial for
immune function.
And if you look, if you want to
get really scientific about it,
if you look at the table of
elements, mercury and zinc
occupy the same column
of the table of elements.
The table of elements is
arranged, column by column,
in a way that is
indicative of the, say,
the outer electron orbit
shell of that element
in its monatomic form.
So to put it simply, they have
similar biochemical functions
or properties.
They interact with
other elements,
other metals, other
molecules in similar ways.
So when you have
mercury, you're not
getting the zinc that you need.
And when mercury is in your
diet, it is displacing zinc.
Zinc is crucial for
immune function.
Zinc helps prevent
cancer in many ways.
So when you're eating
mercury, you're
not getting protective zinc.
Something else that's
interesting in this--
caesium.
Radioactive caesium isotopes
such as caesium-137, one
of the most common and most
destructive radioisotopes.
Created in nuclear catastrophes,
and even from nuclear weapons.
Caesium-137 occupies
the same column
on the table of
elements as potassium.
Potassium is in every
cell of your body.
When caesium pollutes an
agricultural area, your food,
your diet, your body ultimately,
it displaces potassium.
And you know, if you know
anything about agriculture,
you know that every
plant takes up potassium
through its roots, right?
It's one of the big three
fertilizers in the UK.
So potassium goes
into every plant.
Every plant then
incorporates potassium
into its cell structure, which
becomes the food that you
eat if you eat the plant.
The grain of the corn,
the leaf of the herb,
the root of the turnip,
whenever the case may be.
So if you have caesium falling
on that, caesium-137 or 134.
134 is a much shorter
lived isotope.
The normal, non-radioactive
most common isotope of caesium
is 133.
134 will decay back into
133 relatively quickly.
But 137 has a half
life of about 30 years.
Which really pollutes
agricultural lands
for centuries--
200 to 300 years
really is considered
how long it will contaminate
land, such as around Chernobyl
and Fukushima.
So if an agriculture area is
contaminated with caesium,
then the plant would take it up.
And if you eat the plant--
remember, we already talked
about you are what you eat.
So the radioactive caesium
elements in the plant
go into your body and get taken
up into your body's cells,
as if they were potassium.
Which means you now have
radioactive caesium bound
to the cell membrane of
every cell in your body.
Everywhere that the food goes.
Where does food go in your body?
Everywhere that blood goes.
Where does blood go?
Everywhere that you
have a living cell.
>> Everywhere.
>> Wow.
Wow.
That's fascinating information
from the Health Ranger,
Mike Adams, about the way
that our bodies intake
radioactive isotopes, because
they mimic essential minerals.
Speaking of mimicking,
did you know
that there are substances
that mimic estrogens?
They're called xenoestrogens.
One of the most
toxic is called BPA,
and it's in almost every
bottle of water on the shelves.
>> The head of the FDA is on
the board the Schein company,
the largest manufacturers
of silver fillings,
which have 50% mercury in them.
>> Conflict of interest.
>> The head of the FDA, she
knows that Bisphenol A is one
of the major causes--
she has the research--
of cancer of the
breast and prostate.
Plastics are one of
the major causation
of cancer in this nation.
She knows it, and
it's not banned.
Every single can that
you use has a lining.
Here's a can of water
that was given to me.
Guaranteed Bisphenol
A is lining every can.
It comes in plastic.
Harvard just did a study.
They gave a man a can
of minestrone soup.
It happened to be a
brand-- it doesn't matter,
they're all the same.
Whether it's beer, whether
it's water, or minestrone.
They checked his body burden
of Bisphenol A. One week later,
after eating the can of
Progresso minestrone,
his BPA level went up 1,200%.
In one week it was still 1,200%.
Dentistry plays
an enormous role.
95% of females
with breast cancer
have a dental involvement--
Truman University study.
As much as 50% in the
remission of cancer
can be in the oral cavity in
ordinary cancers, other cancers
other than breast.
But in breast cancer it's 95%.
So every one of my clients are
sent to a biologic dentist.
>> Wow.
BPA, dental toxins.
That comment by Burton Goldberg
about the dental involvement
with cancer really
got me to thinking.
I had to interview Bill
Henderson about this issue,
as I knew that one of
the first things that he
has cancer patients do is to
clean out their dental toxins.
>> The thing that most people
don't even think about that
I've found is so common
is dental toxins, OK?
What's coming out of
our jaw for most people,
from the dental work we've
had done, generally--
root canals, cavitation
sites, as they're
called, where you had wisdom
teeth or other teeth removed.
Mercury amalgam
fillings, the metal
that the dentist
put in our mouth.
All of this stuff affects
our system dramatically,
because our jaw is
intimately connected,
and every tooth in our
mouth is intimately
connected to organs in our
body through the old Chinese
meridian system, if you will.
For example on each
side of the jaw,
there are two molars,
upper and lower,
that are directly connected to
the mammary glands in both men
and women.
I mean, men get
breast cancer, too.
But these are probably the
most common cause of all breast
cancers, simply because
they are directly
connected to a gland that
brings on the breast cancer.
And when they are
dealt with, what
I've found with really
thousands of my clients,
once that type of
thing is cleared up,
the cancer disappears.
It goes away.
And these are mostly
people, again,
they're coming to me, Ty,
kind of as a last resort.
In many cases, they've been
through chemo and surgery
or whatever, and
it hasn't worked.
In the cancer has recurred.
And they start doing something
more sensible-- generally
they do a diet change.
They take supplements and what
have you that we recommend.
That doesn't seem
to work either.
In most cases, the
cancer is still there.
They feel better.
They get more energy.
They lose some weight.
But they don't get
over the cancer.
They finally get
their jaw cleaned up
by some competent dentist,
and the cancer goes away.
Six or eight weeks
later, it's gone.
This study, which was
completed in 1923,
believe it or not, after
60 prominent dentist
tried to figure out how
to do a safe root canal.
And they threw up their hands,
and published this 1,174 pages
of their study of root canals.
And found that they
could not be done safely.
And now almost 100
years later, they're
still done the same way.
>> Isn't that the
definition of insanity?
>> Well, it is.
Yes, indeed it is.
And why would it be done?
Well, if you calculate the
income of the endodontist--
this is a specialist
in root canals--
it comes to several
billion dollars
a year, doing approximately 30
million root canals each year
in the United States.
This is a very big
money making exercise.
And believe it or
not, the dentists
are in denial about this.
Their union, which is the
American Dental Association,
is in denial about it.
As they are about mercury.
And so people listen to their
dentist down the street.
Don't worry about those root
canals, Alice, they're OK.
You must have some problem
originating somewhere else.
When in almost every case, 95%
of the time the primary cause
of the cancer, in my experience,
is coming out of their jaw.
>> Amazing information from
Bill Henderson about mercury
amalgams in root canals, and all
these dental toxins that may be
leading to cancer.
But what if your drink, what
if your soda was giving you
cancer?
Have you ever
heard of aspartame?
I wanted to get the opinion
of Dr. Daniel Nuzum.
And while I was in California,
I was able to sit down with him
and to get his opinion
about aspartame,
that's in most diet sodas,
and it's effect on our health.
>> Google aspartame, and look
up all the different names
for aspartame.
It comes under quite
a few different names.
And not just an
artificial sweetener.
It has other chemical names.
And in the labeling
process, they'll
label it under different things.
So it doesn't always
say aspartame.
>> Sure.
But is it toxic to us?
>> It is very toxic.
I always joke with my students
that it's a preservative,
because it breaks down
into formaldehyde.
That's what they preserve
dead bodies with.
It's not an antioxidant, though.
>> What is the chemical
makeup of aspartame?
You said it breaks
down into formaldehyde.
>> As aspartame is metabolized,
it ends up as formaldehyde.
And formaldehyde is a
toxic chemical itself.
It's cancer causing.
It's a corrosive chemical.
>> It's embalming fluid, right?
>> It's what's in
embalming-- exactly.
That's what's in
embalming fluid.
That's what they use to
preserve dead bodies.
OK?
It's the embalming fluid.
Formaldehyde is number
one a neurotoxin.
And it was originally
designed as a neurotoxin
in biological warfare weapons.
It was a nerve gas component.
So when we eat this,
we ingest aspartame,
it converts into
formaldehyde and then
starts to eat or corrode
our nervous system.
It's toxic to our
nervous system.
>> Wow.
So we're eating something that
is potentially a biological--
>> Biological warfare agent.
Exactly.
Now, the symptoms of
neurotoxicity due to aspartame
are identical to
the symptoms of MS--
multiple sclerosis.
Identical.
It can give you the
exact same symptomology.
And I've had I can't tell
you how many patients
that we've pulled
off of aspartame, off
of all artificial
sweeteners of any kind.
And their diagnosis
for MS had disappeared.
>> Well, I've read in the
literature about the initial
days of aspartame in the late
'60s, early '70s, with GD
Searle.
And apparently they found
that it was eating holes
in the brains of the monkeys.
>> The monkeys, exactly.
It's a neurotoxin,
and it's corrosive.
It does.
In essence, what salt
does to a car body?
It eats holes in it.
>> We were up in Detroit
recently, interviewing Dr.
David Brownstein.
We drove up next to a car,
and one of our camera guys--
was it Travis?
Was it you or Alan?
It was Alan.
Alan said, look at that car.
And the whole-- it was
all just rotted out,
because they salt
the roads up here.
>> Exactly.
>> So aspartame
does the same thing.
>> Does the exact same thing.
Does what salt would do
to the body of a car.
Only it does it to your
brain and your spinal cord.
>> Are you thirsty for
another diet soda now?
I bet you aren't, after
hearing that information
from Dr. Nuzum.
But we hear a lot
of misinformation
on the television.
I mean, if you
listen, you probably
think that sunlight is toxic.
But is it really?
>> If you don't have enough
vitamin D3 in your body,
you're setting yourself up.
And almost all Americans
don't have enough.
Very minimum amounts.
>> And how would you get that?
>> Well, you it through
the sunlight, of course.
>> Isn't the sun bad?
>> Well, if you listen
to modern medicine it is.
But it's totally a fraud, too.
You know what's bad is
the sunscreen you put on
to keep yourself from
getting the UVB rays that
work with the
cholesterol in the skin
to form the vitamin D3 that
your body craves and needs
for so many different
interactions in your body.
You know, the areas
that get skin cancer,
you think they're where
they see the most sun?
They're not.
They're up where I live in
Seattle in the northern part
of the hemisphere.
And they actually
get skin cancer
on the bottom of
their feet and things
like that that
never see the sun.
Sun doesn't cause cancer--
the lack of D3 can.
The sunscreen you
put on your body
can cause cancer, because
they're full of carcinogens.
So you need D3.
And if you don't
get it from the sun,
we know you can get it from
a good cod liver oil now.
There's not very
many good ones left,
because they're taking
the A and D out of them
and replacing them with
synthetics or not at all.
But there is one good one
left I talk about in my book
Blue Ice Fermented Cod Liver
Oil from Green Pasture.
That is one of the last best
ones, and it's wonderful.
D3, iodine-- both imperative.
Everyone is short of iodine.
Because we eat bread today
that has bromine in it.
40 years ago we had
iodine in our bread,
so we'd get it every day.
We have bromine now.
And as you know, Ty, we have so
many thyroid issues and thyroid
cancer today, and it's because
the bromine and the fluoride
and the chlorine sit on the
iodine receptors in the thyroid
and prevent the
uptake of iodine.
If you don't have iodide,
you're in trouble.
You know Mike Adams
very well, and so you
saw when he came out with
quoting the study that
said 77% of all cancers
can be prevented
if you have enough D3.
But if you add iodine into
that, it's probably 80% or 85%
of all cancers can be prevented
if you have enough iodine
and D3.
>> The sun actually
doesn't cause cancer.
It's the sunscreens
with the toxic chemicals
that cause cancer.
There was a 2009
German study that
showed that the sunlight
is three to five times
better than any other substance
we know of at stimulating
the immune system.
But what about cell phones?
What about EMF?
These are things
that are ubiquitous.
They're everywhere.
EMF-- electromagnetic
frequencies.
Cell phones,
everybody is carrying
a cell phone and a handheld.
Is there any relationship
between these and cancer?
>> I'll tell you an experiment.
My daughter, who's 19
now, she was eighth grade.
And we did this
experiment in the office,
because we had
thermography in our office.
So we took a picture
of someone's brain.
And they took a
picture of their head,
rather, first before
cell phone use.
And then after one
minute of cell phone use.
After five minutes
of cell phone use.
And after one hour.
And four hours later,
the brain was still
inflamed after cell phone use.
So people do not understand
the power of the cell phone,
and how much it
affects our body.
You have to.
And it's a cumulative.
And they actually have
published online rat
brains exposed to cell
phone, and see what it does.
So like I mentioned
before, there's
such thing as a
precautionary principle.
If we have a little bit
of knowledge-- and we
have a lot of knowledge now.
There's a lot more
knowledge than we--
you just don't hear about it.
Because the largest industry
lobbying in Washington
is the electrical lobby.
So they want all
these electronics.
OK, yes, these electronics
allow us to tape this interview
and talk to each other.
And the computer, now we can
all communicate and socialize
together.
Yes, but now we have
to invent things
to counteract all the wonderful
inventions we've made.
>> For people who don't think
that EMFs are a problem,
I encourage them to go to the
BioinitiativeReport.org to take
a look.
27 scientists from
various countries
looked at 10 years of
data, and their conclusion
was that EMFs cause
cancer, brain tumors,
disrupt the immune
system, suppress
the reproductive
functions of the body,
affect your sleep
and your memory.
So EMFs are a huge problem.
And it's been labeled one
of the most insidious toxins
on the planet, because we
don't see it, we don't feel it,
we don't taste it, but
it's affecting us 24/7.
For example, in this
office here, you
can go to antennasearch.org
and find out how many antenna
are within a four mile radius.
So I just googled and
put the address here--
there are 91 cell towers and
144 antennas within a four mile
radius of this location.
Now, as you move closer to
big cities like Atlanta,
you're looking at hundreds,
like 200, 300, 400 cell
towers in just a few miles.
So we're literally
swimming in a soup
of EMFs and electrical smog.
>> So when we say EMF, we're
talking about electromagnetic
frequencies that would
disrupt the body's normal flow
of energy, correct?
>> Absolutely.
Because if EMFs can go
through brick walls,
what do you think it's doing
when it goes through our body?
It's causing damage.
And that damage is accumulative.
>> What about EMF--
electromagnetic frequencies?
Is there any kind of a
bearing, a relationship,
between EMF and cancer?
>> You know, sometimes it's
just like when you do that,
you ask me that question, it's
just like you don't even want
to go there.
But it's just like there's
this huge evil plot.
I mean, if there's
anything that's
going to put people
over the edge,
like just push them over the
cliff, you know that'll be it.
That will be the big one.
I mean, from walking around
with portable phones, right?
To Wi-Fi in your house.
>> And all the handhelds.
>> All the handhelds.
OK, having a clock by your bed.
You should have no plug-in of
anything where you're sleeping.
I'm going to tell you something.
You want to talk
about ADD, you want
to talk about
migraine headaches?
You know when I was
writing my book,
Sick, Fat, Exhausted--
this is a true story.
Had three computers
in the house,
and I was, believe it
or not, I was on Wi-Fi.
OK?
And even though I'm a
doctor, or even though I'm
a health practitioner.
I don't know how people do it.
I'm a health practitioner,
and I know better,
but I don't know better.
Do you understand?
>> You knew it but
you didn't act on it.
>> No, I get herded along, too.
So anyways, this
is a true story.
I started getting
migraine headaches.
And then I couldn't
get rid of them.
And I needed to
get the book done,
but I was so
focused on the book.
I couldn't see the
forest for the trees.
So I would go three to five
days with migraine headaches.
Soon as I turned the
Wi-Fi off in the place
and I hard lined it, I haven't
had a migraine headache since.
Then I really wake up, and
then I'm going, oh my gosh.
Then I'm working on this patient
and she's been losing her hair.
And she didn't realize, and
I said, it's your Wi-Fi.
She said, I can't
turn my Wi-Fi off,
my husband makes money that way.
So I said, well, you
better turn it off.
So she goes, and guess what?
She turned it off, and the
burning stopped on her scalp.
And then her kids went
and turned it back on,
and her scalp started burning.
She knew it was on right away.
So now her hair is growing back.
But it's not just that.
It affects everything.
And if there's a weak link in
you, it's going to bust it.
And they already know this.
That's why there's
whole towns, there's
whole schools throughout
Europe that have banned Wi-Fi.
I mean, let logic prevail.
You know, what we think
is easy is deadly.
You know, the microwave?
It's easy.
>> Deadly.
>> Yeah.
The Wi-Fi.
I mean, if you
allow your children
to lay in bed with their
iPads, with their iPhones,
they're going to be so damaged.
>> A mutual friend of ours--
I'm not going to mention
his name, because I'm not
at liberty to discuss it.
But you know who it is.
Talked about Steve Jobs.
He knew Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs went for
treatment in Lichtenstein.
Was completely controlling
his cancer naturally.
Until several times
after he would go,
and he would go into remission.
He came back to Apple.
And what happened?
>> Well, he was forced
to come back to Apple.
>> And what happened to his
cancer when he came back?
>> It came back three times.
Three times.
When he came back into Apple,
because of all the EMF,
his tumor came back.
And then he went for therapy.
And he did this
three times, until--
but you know, isn't
that kind of ironic?
Three times and you're out.
>> Yeah.
And the mainstream
stories that we got
was that Steve Jobs should
have gone conventional,
but instead he went alternative
and that's what killed him.
And the reality was he was
going natural in Liechtenstein,
and it was curing him.
And he came back, and the
EMFs potentially killed him.
>> Yeah, that's one of those,
and the rest of the story is
time.
>> Right.
So what is it?
GMO?
EMF?
Fluoride?
Aspartame?
Vaccines?
Pesticides?
Which of these are
causing cancer?
And how is all this
genetic manipulation
affecting today's generation?
Let's listen to
Dr. Sherri Tenpenny
elaborate on this subject.
>> We are, in my opinion, one
generation away of having very
few humans left on the planet
who have non-contaminated DNA
to propagate our species.
>> Wow.
So not just the
genetically modified foods
that are getting into our DNA.
But the vaccines, because
of the fact of the albumin
mounting this--
>> Auto-immune response.
>> Wow.
>> And I think a lot of
people will say, well,
how can you just say
it's the vaccines?
Why isn't it genetically
modified food?
Or fluoride?
Or mercury from dental fillings?
It's all of it.
>> Wow.
That's some amazing information
that we learned tonight.
I'm really thrilled to
have been able to meet
some of these people,
some of these doctors,
some of these researchers
that we met tonight
and we learned from some
amazing information.
Things that I think are
going to really help
you understand about your immune
system and the things that
compromise that immune system.
Now, we learned of
course vaccines,
genetically modified
foods, the pesticides,
herbicides, you've
got the aspartame,
you've got dental toxins
that we learned about.
All of these different
things that compromise
the immune system,
making you more
susceptible to not only cancer,
but other diseases as well.
Now, I'm really excited
about tomorrow night,
because tomorrow night we're
going to learn about toxicities
and how the detox.
We've learned about these things
that compromise immune system
tonight.
Now, tomorrow night,
we're going to learn
about how to get rid of them.
How to detox.
How to take out the garbage.
It may be the most important
piece of the cancer puzzle.
So tune in tomorrow night.
We're going to learn about
detoxification-- how to get rid
of heavy metals, pesticides,
all of these toxicities
that are compromising
your immune system
and making you more
susceptible to disease.
Thanks for tuning in
tonight, and God bless you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Didn't want to talk to me,
referred me to the oncologist
who recommended chemotherapy.
And so my mother had one
chemotherapy treatment.
And she was in such tremendous
pain, discomfort, nausea.
Violently vomiting
everything, even
the anti-nausea medication.
Other than the suppositories
were the only way
that she could take the
medicine and not vomit.
And she told me, don't
let them do this anymore.
I don't want any more of this.
I would rather be dead.
And through some
friends of our family,
we learned about
Dr. E.T. Krebs, Jr.
We learned about apricot seeds.
We learned about laetrile,
also known as amygdalin.
And we learned about Dr.
Ernesto Contreras, Sr.
in Tijuana, Mexico.
I took my mother to see Dr.
Contreras in July of 1973.
We were there for three weeks.
And the first thing I noticed,
after about 10 days pain levels
went down.
Sense of well-being was up.
Appetite was restored.
We came home, we continued
doing some of the things
at home that we were able to do.
Went down again for three
weeks end of August, September.
And I think the net result was
it was too little too late.
But because I learned
that there were things
that could be done that
the establishment had told
us there was nothing else.
There was no hope.
I realized there had
to be a better answer.
I ended up marrying Dr.
Contreras' secretary, whom
I had met while I was
there with my mother,
and brought her back to Modesto.
And through people that
she knew from her work
at the Contreras clinic,
and some people that I
knew from a different venue--
Ed Griffin, John Richardson.
Said that there has
to be a better answer.
And it's tragedy that this
information isn't available.
We had a year, two years,
three years before--
if we had received
the information,
even what we had at the end
of 1973, after my mother died,
I think that we could
have certainly extended
her life and the
quality of her life.
So I got involved with
The Cancer Control
Society, Cancer
Victors and Friends,
National Health Federation.
I wanted to-- if
there was anything
I could do so that
people did not
have to go through
what I went through,
I was going to do everything
in my power to see that happen.
What the alternative
therapy did is
it gave my mother
and me an opportunity
to come to grips
with the disease--
the terminal nature of it.
And an opportunity
to say goodbye.
Before learning about
alternative therapy,
before going to
Mexico, I was told
that she had anywhere from
30 to 60 days to live.
Not six months, not a year.
30 days.
The oncologist said 30 days if
she would receive chemotherapy.
60 days if she did
get chemotherapy.
And that was pretty rough.
And then what it did when we
did the alternative therapy,
we had almost six months
of relative comfort.
And that was the other thing--
it was the relative comfort
during that time, where
we had an opportunity
to talk about things.
My mother knew that I had
decided to get married.
She had met my
wife at the clinic,
so she was
comfortable with that.
She was resolved to the fact
that she wouldn't be there.
She wouldn't be able to
see her grandchildren.
But at least we were able to
plan together and say goodbye.
Without that, it
would have been--
it's always difficult to lose
a family member or a loved one,
but at least I had
the positive memories.
Religious faith
sustained me, but it
was the positive
memories that we
had that last almost
six months that
allowed me to focus on
that, and form a mission
to see that other people
didn't have to go through that.
>> That's amazing.
That's a real gift.
Do you think your
mother would be
happy to see what you
did with this situation?
>> Yes, I do.
I really do.
And my wife is involved in this
movement, and our children--
we have five children.
They've all grown up
inside this movement.
We have a granddaughter
that has the same--
kind of the same
face as my mother.
So that's a constant reminder.
But yes, we're a very
tight close knit family.
And so mother, grandparents
are very, very important.
As a parent, grandparent,
I still remember--
I know some people
think with silver hair,
we've forgotten what
it is to being young.
We forgot what it is to
feel like a teenager.
And no, I still remember.
I remember those.
And mostly with fond memories.
I do see things maybe a
little differently today,
but I haven't
forgotten how it feels
at various stages of life.
So I think that also
helps in this work, too.
Because I've been
I've been through it.
So I know what other
people are feeling,
and I think that that allows
me to help them at least bring
their thought process
together so that then they
can choose an option that
will resonate with them.
And that will be effective
for them, certainly
at this moment in time.
One of the things
besides cancer,
based on everything I've learned
at these meetings over almost
40 years, is don't believe
in mandatory vaccinations.
Most of our children
were never vaccinated.
Most of our grandchildren
have never been vaccinated.
And when our daughter-in-law
married our son,
she wasn't sure.
She thought that,
well, maybe the doctors
knew what they were saying.
And our son told her, no.
We're not vaccinating
our children.
She did research.
She adopted the same
position based on the things
that she read.
And when she gets into a
Facebook, a social media
discussion or debate with
some of her Facebook friends,
and they want to,
well, gee where are we
going to get information?
She puts, talk to
my father-in-law.
So she has seen
enough to know that--
and again, that's inspiration
to keep the search, keep moving.
Because this is a mission.
The Truth About Cancer is
a big part of the solution.
Because it analyzes
the problem, it
analyzes the context
in which that problem
was allowed to occur.
And it does offer solutions.
It is part of the solution.
Just like, think
outside the box is
part of the solution
for overcoming cancer.
So we're happy to participate
in this, because I know it's
going to help a lot of people.
[MUSIC PLAYING]